docs: replace payment pointer with wallet address (#1951)
interledger/rafiki: packages/documentation/src/content/docs/concepts/accounting/accounts-and-transfers.md

| Debit Account    | Credit Account  | Asset |
| ---------------- | --------------- | ----- |
| Outgoing Payment | Asset Liquidity | ABC   |
| Asset Liquidity  | Wallet Address  | XYZ   |

> - Example: Outgoing payment for 2 USD, payemnt pointer receives 1 EUR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Example: Outgoing payment for 2 USD, wallet address receives 1 EUR.
```

###### SPSP / Web Monetization

| Debit Account  | Credit Account |
| -------------- | -------------- |
| Peer Liquidity | Wallet Address |

> - Example: A payemnt pointer receives 2 USD from an outgoing payment at a peer's Rafiki instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Example: A wallet address receives 2 USD from an outgoing payment at a peer's Rafiki instance.
```

Reviewer: This is turning into an NLP problem actually
